hi it has me here from good boot I'm at
home in my kitchen and today I'm going
to be making a really easy meal for one
using the few ingredients that you might
find in store cupboard fridge and
freezer so today you can make fried rice
[Music]
my first job is to prepare our garlic
ginger on our vegetables so I'm just
going to cut away this skin from the
ginger and cut this into fine matchstick
if you don't have any ginger at home and
don't worry about it too much it just
adds a nice kind of spicy kick if you do
have some then just crush the garlic
with the blade of the knife peel off the
skin and finely chop that as well
[Music]
okay now after vegetables so I'm going
to chop the whites of the onions quite
finely and just keep the green bits for
a little garnish at the end so just
slice up the white pieces and then for
the carrots I want it quite finely and
cut up into matchsticks similar to the
ginger okay so now for the broccoli
we're going to use everything don't
waste the stalks just chop those up into
nice chunks and then finely chop the
florets we're not going to boil this
properly first we want it in nice small
pieces looks great I put some ham here
and I wanted to use up from fridge but
again you some bacon if that's what
you've got or some chickens and prawns
and a piece of roast pork would be
really nice okay so that's all the
veggies we've got our peas there as well
and our egg and we're ready to start
frying so you want your pan on a nice
high heat I'm using a wok here and I'm
just gonna drizzle in a little bit of
our sesame oil sesame oil is
traditionally used at the end of cooking
but I don't have any regular oil in at
the moment so that's what I'm using and
we're just going to go in with the
ginger garlic and spring onions to start
with and just sizzle that for a few
minutes until it smells lovely and
aromatic and it's starting to just go
golden around the edges
okay so now we're going in with the ham
the broccoli and the carrot I'm just
gonna cook that for a couple of minutes
before going in with the right so now
that's been cooking for a couple of
minutes I'm just going to tape in about
half a couch already cooked dry and I'll
save the other half for another dinner
tomorrow this is a really easy recipe to
double as well so you want to make it
too that's really easy to do the
vegetable soup a nice crunch to them of
only cooked amount for a couple of
minutes they've got the rice in there
I'm gonna add our frozen peas as well of
some five-spice powder for their flavor
you just want to warm the rice through
for a couple of minutes add a base in
the middle and crack the eggs straight
into the pan
now just use your spoon scramble the egg
and leave it to cook for a little while
in the middle of the pan there I'm gonna
add a splash of soy sauce around the
edge just to season that rice so you can
see the egg sauce is cooked now so I'm
just gonna fold that through the rest of
the rice and finish it off cooking for
another couple of minutes and then we'll
be ready to serve okay so there we have
our fried rice for one really quick and
easy and healthy recipe even up a few
ingredients from your cupboards and your
fridge
super super tasty and women being
attacks it's like you're cooking for a
family or you - it's really easy to
scale up I'm just going to finish that
with some sesame oil and some spring
onions so there we go a really lovely
easy dinner for one I hope you enjoy